Yes
Gorgeous mobile phones may be on top of the world
Yeah, yeah, mom.
Is the gorgeous phone saved?
Hmm breeze
I didn't expect you to
Really developed such an advanced mobile phone
I really blamed you.
What are you talking about?
Isn't it just a broken screen?
Why are you so excited?
In fact, this phone is not only anti-drop
And waterproof and dustproof
Three-proof mobile phone for short, hey, got it, got it
Dust-proof and drop-proof
It's still waterproof, are you talking nonsense?
That is.
This phone is full of electron source gas slurry
It will be wasted in contact with water
It's just basic common sense.
Qingfeng, can you have some basic common sense?
I see you are bragging
Yeah, water's all over the place.
How can it be waterproof?
Liar again
Qin Peng
The phone you developed is good enough.
There's no need to talk about the impractical. That's right.
Just based on the material and system of this phone
It's enough to win the first prize in this technology selection
Hey, don't stop him.
Didn't he say his phone is waterproof?
Why don't you try it?
Try it, Hu Tianyi, are you finished?
You just want to see Qin Feng eat turtles
Don't wrong good people
He said it himself.
I didn't say it.
Keep trying.
Yeah, we just want to open our eyes
It's not that I don't believe
Will you throw in the towel as long as I show it?
Yeah, I am.
As long as your phone can talk in water
I admit defeat
Get me a fish tank full of water